Cart Page Plan

A. Client field
A1. Client Field at top of the page
A2. Drop down with the list of all users clients
A3. User must be signed in and have have clients - in order to use feature 
A4. Should NOT be a required field

B. Groups
B1. Each group consists of the accounting codes entered in the user dashboard - accounting codes
B2. If a client is selected in the client field, that clients accounting codes appear
B2a. Should stay current with client accounting codes
B3. Accounting codes are: Location, code 1, code 2
B4. Should be able to add new groups, with different codes
B5. Accounting Code drop down order, should match 
B5a. User Account Setting: Accounting Codes order, or 
B5b. If client selected, match the clients accounting codes order
B6. Group dropdown should appear below each item
B7. If user is not signed in - should give error message when entering a code into a group
B8. Objective: the user can enter accounting codes one time for multiple items

C. Items
C1. Each item placed in the users cart should have basic item information on the same row:
C1a. The Item Image
C1b. The Item Name
C1c. The Item Price
C1d. The quantity of the user wants to purchase in a drop down field
C1e. A remove item button

D. Item codeing
D1. Below the basic item information, each item should have a group dropdown field
D1a. This field should correspond to the groups above
D2. Items need to default to group 1 
D3. If more than one group is entered above, user should be able to add additional group fields
D3a. Should have a "+" sign to the right of the group, 
D3a1. When pressed, should add a new group field
D3b. New group field should appear to the right, of the previous group field
D3b1. With a max of 2 per row - on mobile, before adding another row
D3b2. With a max of 3 per row - on desktop, before adding another row
D4. Should be able to assign multiple groups to item
D5. If more than one group is selected for an item,
D5a.  All group fields for the item should also have a qty field
D5a1. This is inorder to ensure the correct qty of an item is assigned to the correct group
D5b. Sum of each group qty must match the item qty 
D5c. If group qty doesn't match item qty, user gets error message on checkout
D6. When new group is added to an item,
D6a. the new qty should default to 1
D6b. All other groups should turn red, and should stay red until the user:
D6b1. Changes the group qty's so that the sum of the group qty's, 
D6b2. Matches the total item qty
D7. Removed expense code groups DON’T reappear after page is reloaded - D&M 
D8. Should be able to checkout without entering groups or expense codes  

E. Cart Summary
E1. The cart summary section should appear to the right of the items
E2. The cart summary Section should have
E3. A subtotal of all the items
E4. Enter address for shipping options, or
E4a. If user is signed and has an address in user dashboard:Account, this will be the default
E5. Once the address has been entered, the user will have three options:  
E5a. Pickup in Ada, OK
E5a1. The charge for this will be 0
E5b. Standard Shipping
E5b1. The charge for this will be defined in the admin panel
E5c. Same Day Oklahoma Delivery (If Order by 10am)
E5c1. The charge for this will be defined in the admin panel
E6. A total, which is the sum of the subtotal and shipping charge
E7. A Checkout button, which leads to the checkout page

F. Other
F1. Continue shopping button needs to lead to previous screen - D&M
F2. Back button leads back to previous screen
