Client approval process
1. Need to add an "Auto Approve Time" field in the admin panel: system settings - should be in minutes
2. If a user (client) has specified a monthly purchase limit on a vendor and
If that vendors cumulative purchases, on behalf of the user (client), exceeds the monthly purchase
limit amount, within a calendar month: 
A. Every order placed by that vendor on behalf of that user (client), must be approved by the user (client)
until the end of the calendar month - starting with the first order that exceeds the limit.
B. The user (client), for which the limit was exceeded, should receive a text message with a link to
the users (clients) user dashboard, Orders page - everytime that vendor places an order for that user (client), 
until the end of the calendar month.  
C. The text sent for the text message - needs to be from the admin panel: system, called "Vendor Limit Text" 
D. On the Clients User Dashboard: Order Page
D1. Every order placed by the vendor, after exceeding the limit - starting with the first order,
should have an approve and decline button to the right of the order in the order history table.
D1a. If the user (client) selects decline, the approve button will disappear and the decline button will change to "Declined"
D1b. If the user (client) selects approve, the decline button will disappear and the approve button will change to "Approved"
D1c. If the user (client) selected Auto Approve for the vendor, after the number of minutes in the Auto Approve Time
field have elapsed, since the order was placed, and the approve or decline button have not been selected
the approve and decline button will change to auto approved.
3. Need an "Approval Status" field in the admin panel: orders section
A. Will automatically be "Not required" if: no approval is required
B. Will be "Waiting" if approval is required, but
B1. User has not selected approve or decline, or 
B2. Auto Approved has not occurred
C. Will be "Declined" if approval is required, and user selected declined on the User Dashboard: Order Page
D. Will be "Appoved" if approval is required, and user selected approve on the User Dashboard: Order Page
E. Will be "Auto Appoved" if approval is required, and is listed as auto approved on the User Dashboard: Order Page
