Products Page: for all categories and all products
A. If product has NO Vrt and/or Assc Products
A1. The specifications section
A1a. Header: needs to be the produce price in red text
A1b. Below the price needs to be the Product: Short Description
A1c. Below the Product: Short Description needs to be the cart row
A1c1. Cart Row includes: qyt drop down box, then a space, the Add button ("Add"), then the favorites button - on the same row
A1c2. The qty up/down arrows should be in the drop down box
A1d. If the product is checked yes on the Admin Panel: Product: Service field, below the cart row (qty, add, favorites), Needs to be:
A1d1. "First Date Available" (in black type) followed by the first date after the number of days in the "Days Out" field in the Amdin Panel Products, from the current date
A1d1a. The first date should be in red
A1d2. Below the "First Date Available" row, should be "Arrival Date" (in black text) followed by a calendar drop down, 
A1d2a. all days before the first date available grayed out (can't be selected)
B. If product has Vrt and/or Assc Products
B1. The specifications section
B1a. Header: needs to be "from" in black text, followed by the product price in red text
B1b. Below the price needs to be the Product: Short Description
B1c. If the product is checked yes on the Admin Panel: Product: Service field, below the cart row (qty, add, favorites), Needs to be:
B1c1. "First Date Available" (in black type) followed by the first date after the number of days in the "Days Out" field in the Amdin Panel Products, from the current date
B1c1a. The first date should be in red
B1c2. Below the "First Date Available" row, should be "Arrival Date" (in black text) followed by a calendar drop down, 
B1c2a. all days before the first date available grayed out (can't be selected)
B1d. At the bottom center needs to be the Guaranteed Safe Checkout.jpg 
B1e. The specification section needs to be the same size as the picture section
B1f. Nothing else needs to be in this section
B2. Below the Picture and Specification section: needs to be the description section
B2a. The header needs to be "Description"
B2b. The text below the header needs to be the Product Long Description
C. Because all the add to cart functions are in the specifications section, NO add to cart section is needed and should be removed if it exists
