A. Category Pages 
A1. Should include 78 products per page
A2. After 78 products, a 'Load more' button should load 78 more on same page 

B. Admin Panel: Products
B1. Add "Service" field which is a yes check box
B2. Add "Days Out" field
B2a. Admin Panel: Products - need a "Move" button at top of product section,
B2a1. when pressed allows product rows to be moved and a drag handle should appear to the far left of the row, 
B2a2. This determines the order that they show on the category page and in the admin panel - 
B2a3. New product order is saved, when "Save Changes" button is selected
B2a4. Need to add a "Pos Num" field to product (will be read only), when order rearranged and saved, will update "Pos Num" to reflect its order on the category page
B2b. Admin Panel: Product Vrt - need a "Move" button at the bottom of the vrt table to the left of Add new vrt,
B2b1. When pressed allows vrt rows to be moved and a drag handle should appear to the far left of the row, 
B2b2. This determines the order that they show on the product page and in vrt table - 
B2b3. New vrt order is saved, when "Save Variants" button is selected
B2b4. Need to add a "Pos Num" field to vrt (will be read only), when order rearranged and saved, will update "Pos Num" to reflect its order on the category page
B2c. Admin Panel: Products: Assc - needs a "Move" button
B2c1. When pressed allows products inside the category drop down to be moved and a drag handle should appear to the left of the each product in the box
B2c2. This determines the order that they show on the associated product table inside the product page
B2c3. New associated product order is saved, when "Save Accociates" button is selected

C.Product Page
C1. If the product is checked yes on the Admin Panel: Product: Service field
C1a. On the products page to the right of the main picture should be
C1a1. "First Date Available" (in black type) followed by the first date after the number of days in the "Days Out" field in the Amdin Panel Products, from the current date
C1a2. "Arrival Date" (in black text) followed by a calendar drop down, with all days before the first date available grayed out (can't be selected)
C2. Favorites button - should be a small heart symbol
C2a. favorites button should appear on the product page next to the add cart
C2b. Should appear next the add button on all associated products and variant products
C2c. If user is not signed in, selecting the favorites button should produces a message "Please Sign-In to Select Favorites" and the heart should remain empty
C2d. If user is signed in, selecting the favorites button should produces a drop down with the categories from the users dashboard: favorites section, 
C2e. each should category in the dropdown should have a selection box, therefore users can save the item in more than one category
C2f. The first drop down option should be "Uncategorised", for bother users that have categories added and users with no categories added

D. Admin Panel: Orders
D1. Need to add an "Arrival Date" field (read only), this field comes from the arrival date selected by the user on the product page

E. User Dashboard
E1. Favorites: Section
E1a. Should have Favorites: Categories listed in the left
E1b. When a favorties Category is selected
E1b1. The products and product variants in that category show up to the right
E1b1a. Should include product picture, product name, price, qty, and Add - the first row
E1b1a1. When pressed the Add button adds the product to the users cart
E1b1a2. In the cart the groups should be auto populated from the accounting codes in the favorites
E1b1a3. Products should auto populate the groups to the corresponding accounting codes from favorites
E1b2. In the second row should be the accounting codes 
E1b3. To the right of the accounting codes should be a qty field
E1b3a. The sum of the accounting code qty's should equal the product qty
E1b4. To the right of the qty field should be a "+", that adds additional accounting codes
E1b5. Below the accounting codes row, should be a save changes
E1b5a. When pressed this button should save the changes to accounting codes, accounting code quantities, and product quantities
E1c. Above the products should be an Add All button
E1c1. When pressed the Add button adds all the products in the users favorites category to the user cart 
E1c1a. In the cart the groups should be auto populated from the accounting codes in the favorites
E1c1b. Products should auto populate the groups to the corresponding accounting codes from favorites
E1c. Should have an Edit button above the listed categories
E1c1. When pressed the edit button should open the favorites category section
E1c1a. On the favorites category section all favorites categories should be in a field
E1c1a1. The users should be able to edit inside the fields
E1c1b. to the right of each field should be a drag handle, which allows the user to change the order of the favorites categories
E1c1b1. This will be the order from top to bottom that the favorites categories appear in the user dashbaord: favorites section and the product page: favorites dropdown
E1c1c. To the right of the drag handle, should be a remove button, that removes the favorite category from the user options
E1c1d. Below the fields should be a "+" button that addes new favorites category fields
E1c1e. Below the "+" button should be a save changes button that saves all the changes made to the favorites categories
