On the User Dashboard: Order Page: Order History
Add a drop down button on left of each order, when selected should drop down an Order Drop Down Box, 
Order Drop Down box contains the following:
A. For each item in the order, should include:
A1. Product Row (centered in the dropdown box: product picture, product name, price, qty (read only), and Reorder button 
A2. Below the Product Row should be each: accounting code field row and accounting code subtotal row:
A2a. Accounting Field Code Row: will be left indent in the box: qty, location, code1, and code 2 - each of these can be modified at anytime
A2a1. Each sub code level needs to drop down below the parent level and should only drop down if the parent level is selected
A2a2. When the final subcode is selected, it should be the only code seen in the field 
A2b. Below the each accounting code row should be the accounting code subtotal row (Right indent in the dropdown box) 
A2b1. Each accounting code subtotal includes: the amount, tax, shipping, and total of the accounting code above - should be in bold
A2b1a. The amount = accounting code qty x item price
A2b1b. The tax = The accounting code amount/Item Amount) * Item Tax
A2b1b1. Tax should be rounded to the penny
A2b1b2. If the accounting code amount is the largest of all the accounting codes for an item:
A2b1b2a. Add the (items tax total subtracted by the sum of all the accounting code tax subtotals) to the tax subtotal for that accounting code
A2b1b2b. Note: this is in oder to make the sum of all the accounting code tax equal the item total tax
A2b2. The Shipping = (The accounting code amount/Item Amount) * Item Shipping
A2b2a. Shipping should be rounded to the penny
A2b2b. If the accounting code amount is the largest of all the accounting codes for an item:
A2b2b1. Add the (items shipping total subtracted by the sum of all the accounting code shipping subtotals) to the shipping subtotal for that accounting code
A2b2b2. Note: this is in oder to make the sum of all the accounting code shipping subtotals equal the item total shipping
A2c. To the right of the last account code row of fields - Should have a "+" 
A3. Below the last Accounting code subtotal row should be the item totals box
A3a. Should be a gray box, with black/bold text
A3b. Should include item amount, Item tax, Item shipping, and Item total
A3b1. Item amount = the sum of the item qty multiplied by the item price
A3b1a. Item tax = (The Item amount/ Order Amount) * The Order Tax
A3b1b. Tax should be rounded to the penny
A3b1c. If the item amount is the largest of all the item amounts for an order:
A3b1c1. Add the (order tax subtracted by the sum of all the item tax totals) to the item tax total for that item
A3b1c2. Note: this is in oder to make the sum of all the item tax equal the order tax
A3b2. The Shipping = The item amount/order amount) * order Shipping
A3b2a. Shipping should be rounded to the penny
A3b2b. If the item amount is the largest of all the items for an order:
A3b2b1. Add the (order shipping subtracted by the sum of all the item shipping) to the shipping total for that item
A3b2b2. Note: this is in oder to make the sum of all the item shipping totals equal the order total shipping
B. Order Total Box: Below all of the items for an order should be the order total box
B1. Should be white box with a gray outline
B2. Should be indented to the right
B3. Inside the box should have "ORDER TOTAL" text, followed by order amount, order tax, order shipping, order total 
B4. The "ORDER TOTAL" text should be black/bold
earcsec