Used Equipment Process

A. On the User Dashboard: Your Equipment Page - 
1. Need to change the page name to "My Equipment"

B. Admin Panel: System Settings
1. Need to add a "My Equipment Text" field

C. Used Equipment Process
1. On the User Dashboard: My Equipment Page
A. Top of the page needs the text found in "My Equipment Text"
B. Need to Add a photo upload - need to be able to select one primary picture and multiple secondary pictures
B1. Build a separate equipment image upload endpoint
B2. Max number of 8 photos per listing
C. Need to change "Location" to "Location of Equipment"
D. Need to Change "Notes" to "Description of Equipment"
E. Need to add "Contact Name For Equipment"
F. Need to add Contact Phone for Equipment
G. Need to add Contact Email for Equipment
H. Need to Add Quantity Field
I. Need to Add Price Field
I1. Should follow the product pricing format
J. Need to change Status to a read only - defualt as "Pending Approval" - will be control on Admin:Panel
D. Admin Panel: need a new section "Used Equipment"
1. Should show all the information from the User Dashboard My Equipment - for each equipment a user adds
2. Will be a table, for each equipment added: 
3. Primary Row: User Name (the user that added the equipment), Equipment Name, Quantity, and Price
A. User Name (the user that added the equipment)
B. Equipment Name
C. Quantity (will match quantity field from the listing)
D. Cur Qty (read only): will be the Quantity minus what has been sold
D1. If the Cur Qty is 0 will be hidden on the product page
E. To the right of the primary row should be an Approve and Decline button
E1. If the approve button is selected
E1a. The Decline & Approve button should disappear, and an Approved button with a check mark should replace them
E1b. The status in the users My Equipment for that equipment will change to Active
E1c. Create a Product page for the equipment following our current product page layout
E1c1. Will always be on the Used Equipment Page
E1d. If user did not enter a price, the price field will be blank
E1e. If user did enter a price, the price will be what the user entered
E1f. The Equipment name will serve as the product name
E1g. The Contact Phone, Contact Name, Contact Email - will be in the short description section
E1h. The Location of Euqipment, The Description of Equipment, the Searial - will be in the long description
E1i. The cart and checkout process will be the same
E1j. Buyer will pay through the site
3c. If the decline button is selected
3c1. The status in the users My Equipment for that equipment will chane to decline
4. Dropdown Row (should drop down below the primary row), Include:
4a. Serial, Status, Location of Equipment, Description of Equipment, Contact Name for Equipment,
4b. Contact Phone for Equipment, Contact Email for Equipment

E. On the Used Equipment Category Page
1. Need a "List Here" button, with text that says "Got Equipment to Sell?" in the upper left corner of the page
2. When selected 
A. if the user is signed in, goes to user dashboard: My Equipment Section
A1. Will land on my equipment page
B. if the user is not signed, should go to sign in/register page with a "Must sign in to list equipment" message at the top
B1. If the user registers, will land on my equipment page
